what's up guys and welcome to today's
second video we have got a PEZ pack
opening for you but before I get into
this if you guys wanting to buy any FIFA
15 coins or notes go in the description
down below and use the FIFA shop to get
it okay
you can get 10% off using Jack 54 HD at
checkout and also as you see on the
screen and what I'm wearing this is a
Liverpool shirt now it is a retro
Liverpool shirt this is actually from
camp a retro now they are actually
hosting a giveaway for you guys to
potentially win a retro shirt of your
choice now it can be literally pretty
much any Premier League team Real Madrid
Barcelona Baca Juniors Celtic a load of
different teams that you can choose and
of course if you want to enter click the
link down in the description and there
it will take you to a tweet where you
have to follow the instructions on the
tweet it's pretty simple just following
them and myself and retweeting of course
and also if you guys want if you just
want to buy one for yourself then you
can get you get free printing so you can
get like a Legends name or like a
player's name from the era of your shirt
on the back along with a number
completely free with my discount code at
Jack 54 HD and they have got 40 percent
off selected items at the moment so
definitely worth checking out lads so
we're gonna go ahead and open some of
these top agent packs now it's a UAH
amber league stars of special with
ativan that doesn't really make sense
from however it read it but I'm probably
just being a little bit of a idiot
anyway hey let's move into this video
hopefully come on I want to get I want
to get something decent there's a 70
well almost a 70% chance of me landing
on a black ball and we have the first
time come on give me something good
go on then it's Lavezzi that's not too
bad you know that is not too bad
83 rated would have maybe like someone a
little bit better but it doesn't really
man in 10th with that to be honest we're
gonna go ahead and put him in for a slap
there we go we'll put them into East LA
definitely then that's probably the best
show anyway let's move on to the next
one pay with my club coins there we go
come on
I'm not too sure how many how many coins
we how many packs we can open I think
it's about eight or nine or something
like that yeah I'll be pretty annoyed to
be fair if I do manage to land on a
golden book as I say that just as I set
up yeah obviously you're gonna be an or
there's a 70% chance and I think that's
erm okay I didn't know that was him but
you know back true that's not too bad he
does play for Barcelona so we can get
that link there with PK even though
we're not actually getting a link with
PK it's just because it's not on the
team yeah we've got enough quite a few
more packs to be fair we've got enough
for six more packs which is not bad okay
I'm really just gonna press the button
straight away because I really don't
think it makes any difference whatsoever
and we have landed on another black ball
come on this means we can hopefully get
a good player who is that who is that
Hilton for Porto okay
not the greatest player that you can get
from one of these one of these black
balls but it doesn't matter
it's it's definitely better than the
goalkeeper that we haven't got a moment
of Zieler the German guy who plays in
the Bundesliga than a few guys have ever
used them on feet Bert but we're gonna
go ahead come on please I'm looking for
these top players you know PK and Oscar
are probably my best players today so
far and I want to continue to get
something you know what up there with
the with the top players right we've
landed on lover
another good ball come on please who is
this
it's that Pedro for some reason I
thought it was hazard I don't know why
for some reason I did but it kind of
alright we're gonna put on the subs
bench why not yeah definitely sums bench
because other man I've got Oscar and
I've also gotten and now the Vettes you
know on the other hand over on the other
side so not really see the point in
putting Pedro there and I've got Bernard
through the middle as well who has a lot
of pace believe or not well you guys
know it was a feat of thievery he's got
like 90 sonic pace of knee which is
quite a lot to be fair
come on land on another yes we
got another another black ball right
please come on we want to see something
better
it's not even though I said hello and
then day isn't it yeah that's right okay
well it's an anchorman he's a well
actually a pretty decent said amid I'm
not gonna lie but who can we swap them
out for Danilo or zacchara okay we're
gonna stalk them for Zipporah
100% ello ello re Mendy's should
actually be a pretty decent plan for us
on this game what i still haven't hit
the jackpot though still haven't hit the
jackpot I want this like Ronaldo or
Messi I want one of these top top
players unfortunately it hasn't happened
so far so fingers crossed as the ball
slows down we get another one come on
let's see what's in this one all right
he has got the adidas boots Dani Alves
okay that is that is a better pack 84
rated offensive fullback add him to my
squad room I got a right back at the
moment I have got a pretty bad guy I'll
narrow who really should be at left back
but I decided to plan there because I
don't have a right back so it kind of
has worked out pretty well for me right
this is our second to last pack I'm sure
there's gonna be another little twist of
the tail in these front of your be
pretty got it got it if I don't actually
get a Black Bull from one of these final
two packs but I can feel it now I'm just
gonna get a gold ball I can feel it I
can feel it yeah what did I say what did
I say to me probably was getting quite
lucky with the amount of good packs I
was getting and we managed to get is
that mic on yes it is mic on there we go
Adams my squad he can I think he can go
in my centre back spot there instead of
batter up okay now we're gonna we're
gonna keep on let him on the bench for
now and we swiftly moved in to our final
pack but yeah guys if you want to have a
chance of winning one of these retro
shirts like I said follow the
instructions in the description it takes
you two at weekly basis you have to
retweet the tweet follow it can buy
retro and follow myself which I'm
probably sure a few of you already are
but yeah oh yes we've landed on a black
ball for the final pack come on who is
this old ah I ran I can tell it's gonna
be awkward if is not yes
okay yeah not a bad player to be fair
not a bad player to finish the episode
on so yeah guys if you want to see more
episodes like this please let me know in
the comment section below I'll be sure
to bring you these these always seem to
go down really really well and if you
guys want to see a seven-minute scrub
build with another youtuber tomorrow
morning be sure to smash that like
button go ahead and check out the camper
retro amazing stuff on that website
really is a fish this is official stuff
this is proper it's not the kind of
stuff that you see like when you go
abroad or whatever where it's like an
old or something this is legit you know
it's good it's very good
see ya see you guys tomorrow have a nice
day
and peace